Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ominous music)
- [Driver] Where you headed?
Need a ride? Come on.
(mellow music)
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ What y'all busters wanna do ♪
♪ Fuck you and your whole crew ♪
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ What y'all busters wanna do ♪
♪ Let's do somethin'. nigga ♪
♪ Let's gone do something ♪
♪ Buster ass niggas be trying
to play me for a punk ♪
♪ But what you boys
don't know about Rome ♪
♪ Is that Rome will dump ♪
♪ I'll blast if I have to ♪
♪ See I'm a country nigga ♪
♪ So I'll run you over in a tractor ♪
♪ These niggas better start trying ♪
♪ Pay me to the left ♪
- From around here?
- Turn here.
♪ About their wealth ♪
♪ About their health ♪
♪ If nothin' else. bitch
you wanna bring it to me ♪
♪ Then come on and step ♪
♪ See I'm tired of these boys ♪
♪ Who they think the hard ♪
♪ Just 'cause they punk this nigga here ♪
- You all right. fella?
♪ I tell you what ♪
♪ Let's gone and get this bitch jumpin' ♪
♪ Let's go and hit the streets ♪
♪ Nigga let's gone do somethin ♪
♪ Do somethin ♪
♪ What y'all busters wanna do ♪
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ Fuck you and your whole crew ♪
♪ What y'all busters wanna do ♪
♪ Let's do somethin'. nigga ♪
♪ Let's gone do somethin' ♪
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ What y'all busters ♪
- [Driver] Not too much farther. is it?
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ Fuck you and your crew ♪
♪ What you busters wanna do ♪
♪ Let's do somethin' nigga ♪
♪ Let's gone do somethin' ♪
♪ Stop all that frontin ♪
♪ Stop all that stuntin ♪
- Bank owned?
♪ This why you punting ♪
♪ You bout nothin ♪
♪ Bitch ass nigga ♪
- You ain't no squatter. is you?
♪ You think you hard ♪
♪ You think you rough ♪
♪ Well. I'm about to check your nuts ♪
♪ 'cause I ain't got time for ♪
- [Driver] Chatty fella.
♪ I'm a go and empty a clip ♪
♪ And let these chips
tell you what I'm sayin' ♪
♪ While you steady talking ♪
♪ But you steady walking ♪
♪ From this gangster shit ♪
♪ 'cause my dogs is barking ♪
♪ And with that bark nigga ♪
♪ It's a big ass bite ♪
♪ This bite is vicious enough ♪
♪ To end your motherfucking life. boy ♪
♪ Boy ♪
♪ Nigga. I wanna do somethin' ♪
♪ Real bad ♪
♪ Boy ♪
♪ Do somethin' ♪
♪ What y'all busters wanna do ♪
♪ Fuck you and your whole crew ♪
(ominous music)
(hip hop music)
- Oh shit.
Man. I hope the spare has air in it?
Oh. come on. Damn it.
(phone ringing)
- [Melissa] Hey. babe. Made it back?
- Shit. that means you're not home.
- [Melissa] What's wrong?
- I need you to get the trailer.
Come down to Mira and pick me up.
I ran over something. Got
a couple of flat tires.
- [Melissa] A couple?
- Yeah. So how far are you from the house?
- [Melissa] I just sat down
in the chair. babe. I'm sorry.
- In the chair?
Oh my God. You're gettin' your hair done?
- Yes. Dan. It's Thursday.
You know I get my hair done
every Thursday afternoon.
- All right. forget it.
I'll get somebody else to come get me.
- Bye.
(ominous music)
(car engine revving)
(soft knocking)
(ominous music)
(dogs barking)
♪ Keep your eyes wide
open while you smoking ♪
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least thats what these cowards hoping ♪
♪ My words are souvenirs so
you can take it as a token ♪
♪ You can trust your tribe
and hold your rhyme ♪
♪ they get your heart broken ♪
♪ Keep your eyes wide
open while you smoking ♪
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least that's what these cowards hoping ♪
♪ My words are souvenirs so
you can take it as a token ♪
♪ You can trust your tribe
and hold your rhyme ♪
♪ They get your heart broken ♪
♪ Somebody tell me. but
the boy don't listen ♪
♪ Every time I talk. you get a cough ♪
♪ You been down there chompin' ♪
♪ But ain't my fault.
they know your walk ♪
♪ And they be pouring salt ♪
♪ They be all up in your business ♪
♪ Watchin' niggas like a chicken hawk ♪
♪ Don't trust nobody ♪
♪ and stay that way ♪
♪ Till the day you die. you know why ♪
♪ When the bullets fly ♪
♪ Somebody gonna find out don't you cry ♪
♪ Cause it's time to say bye. bye ♪
♪ These niggas be goin' crazy ♪
♪ Sniffing powder and heroin ♪
♪ They get their high. yet they willin' ♪
♪ To take you out ♪
♪ Without a doubt. You a mouse ♪
♪ Better watch your mouth ♪
♪ In the dirty south.
now don't you slouch ♪
♪ When you land back on your couch ♪
♪ Cause ain't nothing to
run back in your house ♪
♪ And smoke your family like a pouch ♪
♪ Now you stressing ♪
♪ With a Smith & Wesson and ♪
♪ Bullet proof vest
and learn your lesson ♪
♪ Ain't no second guessin' ♪
♪ Them niggas like stressin.
while you flexin' ♪
♪ Watch your girlfriend when you sexin' ♪
♪ 'cause she might set you up ♪
♪ With niggas in your closet ♪
♪ Cocking their pistols while dressing ♪
♪ Count your blessings ♪
♪ Cause it ain't no ruse ♪
♪ This is world too cool.
betta keep your tools ♪
♪ Don't be no fool ♪
♪ Cause that ain't cool it's time to do ♪
♪ Go to war like shooting pool ♪
♪ These streets will teach you things ♪
♪ Like you done learn like you
ain't at your public school ♪
♪ Better watch your boo ♪
♪ See you like voodoo ♪
♪ 'cause she'll be dying to get you too ♪
♪ She'll screw your crew ♪
♪ And then you blue I thought you knew ♪
♪ That's what they do ♪
♪ This is all on who. it's all on you ♪
♪ This world's a zoo ♪
♪ And he's sticking like glue ♪
♪ Keep your eyes wide open
while you're smoking ♪
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least that's what these cowards hoping ♪
♪ My words are souvenir. so
you can take that as a token ♪
♪ You can trust your tribe and ♪
♪ Hold your rhyme and
get your heart broken ♪
♪ Keep your eyes open ♪
(birds chirping)
(phone ringing)
- Christ!
Hello!
- [Joanne] Hello. Jesse?
- Yeah. who's this?
- [Joanne] It's Joanne.
- Joanne. what in the world?
- [Joanne] Well. I hate to bother you.
but it's an emergency.
(birds chirping)
(upbeat music)
♪ I got my head set ♪
♪ In the moderate ♪
♪ And I'm gonna get ♪
♪ I got my reset and my regrets ♪
♪ And it's gonna hit ♪
♪ A little offset ♪
♪ On a protest ♪
♪ I live and reminisce ♪
♪ I've got my red leather jacket on ♪
(phone ringing)
♪ I've got my ♪
- Yes. ma'am.
- [Karen] Time to hit the showers. sir.
I'm puttin' the bacon in the oven.
- I'm finishing up now.
- [Karen] Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
(phone ringing)
Hello.
- [Cpt. Adcock] Good morning. Copeland.
You up?
- Just finishing up my workout.
- [Cpt. Adcock] Workout?
Why?
- I wanna be strong and healthy.
- [Cpt. Adcock] Damn Yankee. I swear.
- What can I do for you captain?
- [Cpt. Adcock] On your
way in this morning.
stop in Mira and see if you will locate
a car off the side of the road.
Supposedly it had a couple of flat tires.
Can't tell you much more than that.
(indistinct) call this morning.
Worried about her son-in-law.
Said he didn't come home last night.
- Surely. there's something
more pressing than this
I need to be doing.
- [Cpt. Adcock] There's time for all that.
You gotta drive through there anyway.
Mira is so small. when you blink
when you passing through it
You can dang near miss it.
Just see what you can find.
- Yes. sir.
- [Cpt. Adcock] Thank you. sir.
- Bye.
(phone ringing)
- Hello.
Hey. Joanne.
What's wrong?
- You gotta love small town life.
- Try not to worry.
I'll ask him right now.
and we'll try to get back with you
with something sometime this morning.
Okay?
All right.
Okay.
Bye.
Hey. babe?
- Hey. Let me guess.
Some guy's mother-in-law's
wanting me to stop in Mira.
See if I can find out where he is.
Is that about the gist of it?
- Are you eavesdropping?
- This looks good.
- You're not getting
out of that this easy.
Were you listening to my call?
- Nah. it's just your friend...
What's her name?
- Joanne.
- Well. Joanne must be calling
every law enforcement person she knows.
trying to get them to look
for her son-in-law in Mira.
- Well. she just knows
that you're a detective
and we're not far from there.
So she just wanted to see if
maybe you could check it out.
but who else did she call?
- Adcock.
- Jesse?
I don't know. She's just worried.
They haven't heard from him.
- Well. the boss has
already told me to do it.
So I'm headed up there as
soon as I'm finished here.
- What'd he say?
Get your Yankee ass down
there and check it out.
- He drives me crazy with that.
I told him I was born in South Carolina.
Although I grew up for
the most part in Maryland.
Technically I'm from the South.
- Not to folks in these parts.
- Whatever.
(crickets chirping)
(ominous music)
What do we have here?
(soft knocking)
(dramatic music)
(ominous music)
(upbeat music)
(phone ringing)
- He's really starting
to get on my nerves.
Oh no!
You know what. I could use a
break from all this studying.
plus they need me down there
to look after their crazy asses.
(crickets chirping)
(laughing)
- I tell you what. with
all this high water. man.
all I've got to do go
is go out my back door about 50 feet.
You know. cast a line and five
minutes later. I got dinner.
(laughing)
Hey listen. let me hook up with you
in the morning. all right?
All right. I gotta get
some work done around here.
All right. I'll see you.
All right.
Sorry to keep you waiting. my friend.
Thank you for being patient.
- No problem.
- All right.
Now then. any sign of our guy
on the way in this morning?
- I did find his car. but no sign of him.
I checked the nearest houses
and they seem to be vacant.
and there were two flat
tires just like you said.
- You know. with every minute that goes by
and that family don't hear from that boy.
that feeling in the pit of their stomach
just gets worse and worse.
- You think there's something to this?
I mean. it hasn't been 24 hours yet.
- Well. now. hold on just a second.
Stop thinking like a
detective for a minute.
All right?
Now. what if it was Karen?
And what if some police
officer was telling you
that it hadn't even been 24 hours yet?
Now. is that gonna make
you feel any better?
Is it?
Well. is it?
I didn't think so.
- Well. what do we know about this kid?
- Well. now. I got to thinking about that.
I remember meeting him a couple of times
when he came to church with Melissa.
Seemed like a really nice young man.
Beautiful family.
- I'll definitely keep
my eyes and ears open.
- Well. it's all I'm asking.
I mean. I know that we don't
have a whole lot of crime
in these parts. but we're
certainly not immune to it.
- Well. it seems there's some
calls that I need to make.
If you would excuse me. sir.
- Absolutely.
Keep me updated.
- Yes. sir. I will.
- All right.
(phone ringing)
- [Karen] Hey babe. what's up?
- Hey. I'm just following up with you.
Although I think Adcock
has probably already given
Ms. Joanne a call.
- [Karen] That's fine.
So what'd you find out?
- Nothing new. really?
I did find his car.
(upbeat music)
- Fuck!
Fuck this.
(phone ringing)
- [Melissa] Hello?
- Is this Melissa Yancey?
- [Melissa] Yes. who's calling?
- This is Detective Keith Copeland.
- [Melissa] Oh. no.
Don't tell me he's gone.
I can't take it.
- No. ma'am. No. ma'am.
I just called to let you
know I did find his car.
and just to ask you a few questions.
Please calm down. I
didn't mean to upset you.
- [Melissa] Detective.
sir. I'm telling you.
something is wrong with Dan.
He wouldn't do this.
- Just calm down. Melissa.
You're probably getting yourself
all worked up over nothing.
- [Melissa] Something's
wrong. I can feel it.
(birds chirping)
- Yeah. the storm the other night?
Yeah. it wasn't messing around.
I'm still out here cleaning up this mess.
Yeah.
All right then. boss.
I'll talk to you later
(dog barking)
- No.
The only reason that I'm going
is to make sure that you and Caleb
don't end up underneath the parish jail
before the night is even over with.
♪ And I can't imagine life ♪
- Okay. All right. I'll see you soon.
Okay. bye.
♪ Without you in my world ♪
♪ I knew when I saw you ♪
- What am I going to wear?
♪ Really saw you ♪
(phone ringing)
- [Cpt. Adcock] This is Captain Adcock.
Damn it!
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just out here trying
to clean up all this bullshit
from the storm the other night.
And then...
Uh-huh. yeah.
It's some bullshit. man.
Oh. hold on. man.
The law just pulled up.
I'm gonna have to deal with this shit.
Yeah. I'll talk to you later.
- [Det. Copeland] Excuse me. sir.
- [Eckles] Yes.
- Mr. Eckles?
- Yeah. that's me.
Hey. before you ask me
anything. I don't know nothing.
and that's the way I found him.
I don't want you pinnin' this shit on me.
- Calm down. Just show
me the body. please.
- Well. all right then.
This way.
- Down here?
(dramatic music)
- Yeah.
There he is.
(upbeat music)
♪ Drop top on a Sunday. fool ♪
♪ Be out of here like I'm
on my to Sunday school ♪
♪ Me and Wayne in the court ♪
♪ We makin' money moves ♪
♪ Eyes wide open ♪
♪ Niggas hate it when the money move ♪
- Hey. y'all want anything?
By the looks of it. probably
don't got that much though.
- You can get me some more smokes.
I guarantee you they got some of them.
- You can give some damn money.
Them bad boys are too expensive.
- All right. I'm comin' in.
- I'm comin' in too.
- Jesus Christ!
Does everything have to
be so damn difficult?
- Don't use the Lord's name in vain.
- Just grab the freaking keys. Jennifer.
Thank you.
♪ I'm a put my hands on your little one ♪
♪ My nigga better have the
bitch she wanna keep the hoe ♪
♪ I take her makeup off. her
pussy off and see the growth ♪
♪ I'm a real nigga ♪
- Hey. what's up. sexy lady?
Yeah. you.
Put your window down.
You sure is fine.
You look familiar. Are
you from around here?
- I'm from California. actually.
but I did grow up around here too.
I graduated from North Caddo
a couple of years back.
- Okay. yeah.
Listen. think I can get your phone number?
We can hook up later.
I'm Ray.
- Well actually. I'm just
getting out of a relationship
and I'm trying to focus on my education.
So. sorry.
- [Ray] Okay. Yeah.
- Yeah.
But it was nice meeting you. Roy.
- That's Ray.
- Sorry. Ray.
I'm gonna put my window back up now.
Take care.
- Little trick.
Get your ass in the truck.
Ain't no pretty little thing like that
want no grease. monkey
like you comin' home.
putting his filthy paws
on her every night.
- Listen. you got one
more time to call me-
- Calm down. Ray.
Look it there.
A real life interracial couple.
Can't we all just get along?
- Hillbilly asshole.
(howling)
- It's why he's all filthy
and we're in college.
(ominous music)
Shit.
Son of a bitch.
- [John] You buried it?
- Yeah.
- Finessed.
You need a jump. dude.
Cables?
- No. you got any?
- No. my boy got mine.
- That's doin' me a lot of good right now.
- Why can't your parents
just buy you a new car?
It's not like they can't afford it.
- I don't know. Jennifer.
Why can't your parents buy you a new car?
- Jesus Christ. you guys.
It's just the battery.
- Don't use the Lord's name in vain.
- I think your girl's a
little cuckoo for cocoa puffs.
- I know you're not talking about me.
- You folks need some help?
- [James] Yeah. man.
Y'all won't happen to have
any cables. would you?
- Hey. Ray.
Bring over those jumper cables
and let's help these nice people out.
- [Caleb] Thanks. man.
We really appreciate it.
(car engine revving)
- You folks headed to Shreveport?
- No.
No. we're headed up to the Johnson place
right up the road. you know?
- Oh. I know it.
What y'all goin' there for?
- Can we just go please?
It's nobody's business where we're going
or what we're doing when we get there.
- Sorry about that. man.
Listen. thanks again.
We really appreciate it.
- Yeah.
Y'all take it easy.
♪ I'm a real nigga ♪
♪ We are not the same ♪
♪ I even pop it though ♪
♪ You bet I'm raising cane ♪
♪ My momma told me she ain't raise me ♪
♪ Like no fucking lane ♪
♪ Well. momma. I'm a do
my motherfucking thing ♪
♪ Grippin' brains ♪
- That was so fucking rude.
That guy did us a huge favor.
- Don't talk to me like that.
You act like you've lost your mind.
- How far are we from the house?
- [Caleb] Just a few minutes.
- Can you guys manage
not to kill each other
before we get there?
♪ Let me talk to you ♪
♪ Hey. let me talk to you ♪
♪ Let me talk you. my nigga ♪
♪ Well. let me talk to you ♪
♪ Let me talk to you. nigga ♪
♪ Let me talk to you ♪
- Well. tonight's off
to an interesting start.
- You ain't lied.
It must be like a full moon or something.
I know I'm gonna regret this.
- Don't answer it.
- Hello.
Because there's nothing else to say.
- The dude's pathetic.
- Crazy is more like it.
- The house is right up the street.
- Wow. You guys are from the country.
- I mean. Texarkana ain't
exactly a metropolis.
- Justin.
Goodbye. Please stop calling me.
- Damn. bro.
We are in the middle of nowhere.
♪ Gripping brains with your lane ♪
♪ Getting brain in the brains ♪
♪ We are beating up the frame ♪
♪ Fucking up my whole frames ♪
♪ If I could do it out again. I would ♪
- Does anyone live in that
house across the street?
- No.
No. not right now.
- I don't blame 'em.
I woulda got the hell outta here too.
♪ Let me talk to 'em ♪
♪ Let me talk to 'em. nigga ♪
- Man. leave me alone.
- Oh. you need to block him.
- Here we are.
- It really ain't that bad
especially when there's people around.
- Man. they don't understand.
One day they'll move out of the city
to a beautiful place like this.
- I don't think so.
- Yeah. Me neither.
- It's actually not so bad.
I mean. as long as I got my
cell and a car. I'm good.
- Alrighty.
- Hell yeah. Privacy is underrated.
- Thank you.
Great. Electricity is still on.
- [John] Oh wow! Not bad.
- Man. y'all don't even get
the regular channels up here?
- We came to throw a party. not watch TV.
- Speak for yourself.
A movie sounds real good to me.
- Yeah. I'm not in much of
a partying moody either.
- Y'all some squares.
- Wow.
- Spooky looking dude.
- Who's this. Caleb?
- That's my great. great
grandpa on my dad's side.
- (chuckles) There's one
serious looking dude.
- Yeah. well. most slave owners were.
- Slave owners?
How you know he was a slave owner?
- James and I grew up together.
K-12. He knows everything about my family.
- Exactly. that's how he knows
my great. great grandparents
were sharecroppers
for his great. great grandparents.
- That's interesting.
- Why am I not surprised?
- Anyway. hey. did your
great. great grandfather
mistreat his slaves?
- Enslavement within
itself is mistreatment.
What kinda asinine question is that?
- Look. chill out.
Look. that's a legitimate question.
If you look at the timeframe it's in.
everybody thinks that all
slave owners mistreated slaves.
but that's not always the case.
- Can we change the subject please?
- Wait. wait.
Let's let the man answer the question.
- It's funny you asked the question.
because from everything
I've always been told.
he did treat his slave slaves good
but he was just a racist.
I mean. he believed black
people could buy their freedom
or whatever. but he didn't
think we should mix the races.
- Well. I guess that racist son of a bitch
is rolling around in
his grave as we speak.
- Well. you joke about that now.
but supposedly. my great uncle.
which was my great.
great grandfather's son.
well. he fell in love with a black woman
and he didn't like that one bit.
- What did he do?
- Well. of course he
said he would disown him
if he didn't end it.
but uncle called his bluff and
he got engaged to her anyway.
- Well. good for him.
- [Caleb] But a couple of
days before the wedding.
my uncle goes missing.
- What? What happened?
- Well. they found him
a couple of days later.
face down in a creek that used to run
by their property here back then.
He'd been struck in the back of the head.
- Was he dead?
- Yeah.
And he started to
decompose a little bit too.
- Wow. Creepy story. dude.
- Yeah. it's starting to get dark.
We need to like change this subject.
- Yeah. Let's set up the
tables. get everything ready?
- No shit.
Well. people should start showing up here
pretty soon anyway.
- Y'all just gonna sit there?
- I guess I'll help.
I need to do something to
keep my focus off this phone.
- You got boy problems?
- More Like stalker problems.
- Actually. I wanna go check
it out across the street.
before it gets dark.
- Why?
Those woods over there
don't look any different
from the woods right over here.
- You know what? I'll go with you.
Come on.
- Yeah.
Shelly knows her way around up.
- You coming. Cherika?
- I guess I'll follow y'all up.
- You gonna come out with us.
or you're gonna go with them?
- I'm not exactly crazy
about either option.
but I guess I'll go with them.
- [Caleb] All right. that's my girl.
- Help your friends.
We'll be back in a second.
- Come on. don't be like that.
Man. shut up.
- So. how long have you known Caleb?
- About eight years now.
Yeah. we met in junior
high. like sixth grade.
- Has he always liked black girls?
- Let's see.
You know what. back then
he had a white girlfriend.
But he was a little bit of a player.
- That was just like
his little crazy behind.
(girls giggling)
- Whose house is this?
- This is Caleb's uncle's house.
- What happened to you. Daniel?
- Hold on for a second.
y'all. This is my mom.
She thinks I'm still at school.
- Well. I might as well
go ahead and call home too
before all this noise and
commotion gets started up
out here in these woods.
- Over active here today.
Y'all ready to head back?
- Actually. hold on a second.
Let me call my mom too.
'cause once that music's
blarin'. it's a done deal.
(ominous music)
Looks like the guests
are starting to arrive.
It's about to be off the chain.
- I know that's gotta be so hard. hun.
You just have to try and
be strong from Melissa.
You know. she's really gonna need you.
And if either one of you
need anything at all.
doesn't matter what time. call me.
All right. hun.
Bye.
(ominous music)
♪ Feel straight from out the side ♪
♪ Hoes in New York ♪
- Hey. what's up. what's
up. fellas. ladies.
Hey. we appreciate you
guys coming out tonight.
So we got some cold beer over here
and we got some hard liquor
on that table over there.
And you be hollering at my boy. James.
if you blow on them trees.
you know what I'm saying?
And my guy with the pills.
he's gonna be here shortly. all right?
(crowd cheering)
- What's up. ladies?
Y'all ready to party?
- Yeah!
- Let's get lit.
(hip hop music)
- That was the party?
- Look. you ain't even seen nothin' yet.
I'm finna show you how
them country boys do it.
- Babe. you want a drink?
- No. thank you.
I see you've gotten started.
- What can I tell you?
Nobody's waitin' on me.
- Do y'all have to have the music so loud?
- What are you even talking about?
- Never mind.
- Hey. yo Caleb. we
finally got the weed. man.
Have some of that.
- Yeah. man.
I need some after that trip down here
with you and the girls.
- Yeah. I'll be right back.
Let me go holler at these guys.
- All right. for sure.
- Hey. who is that?
- Oh. I don't know his name.
but I know he got the
pills. X. Xanax. Oxy.
He got everything. you name it.
- Oh. this is starting to
turn into a real party.
- Ain't it though?
- What's goin' on. man?
You doing all right?
- What's up. man?
- You see the girl and that
guy I was just talking to.
you know my boy. James.
and his girl. Cherika.
And then that's my girl. Jennifer.
and her friend. Shelley.
I got them covered. all right?
- All right. cool.
♪ Help y'all get your minds straight ♪
♪ Follow me. this ah way ♪
♪ Tell 'em mista don't play ♪
♪ I be a trill ass nigga
fuck with MTV and BET ♪
♪ Say y'all niggas be commercial ♪
♪ Bitch. I run hard like I'm Herschel ♪
♪ When I hit the streets it's going down ♪
♪ So pass me the purple ♪
♪ I'm a wreck the 'ana like never before ♪
♪ I never stop pimping make
these hoes hit the floor ♪
♪ See. I'm a wreck the
'ana like never before ♪
♪ I never stop pimping make
these hoes hit the floor ♪
♪ True ass pimp straight
up out the south ♪
- Hey. babe. You wanna
hit X or some Molly?
- Get away from me.
- Jen.
- Hey. hold up.
Let her go. dog.
She just needs some time to chill out.
- Dude. she has been tripping all night.
- Hey. man. Let's go ahead
and just handle this business.
You can work shit out with her later.
- Dude. I don't even know
if that's fucking possible.
♪ I shot ball at Pippin ♪
♪ With CC and Rico ♪
♪ Sleeves to lil 'Los ♪
♪ What's up to Blank. that's my bro ♪
♪ What they know about fo'? ♪
♪ What they know about K? ♪
♪ Don't want to see us shine.
but we gone do it anyway ♪
♪ Blowin' sweets in OC ♪
♪ With little Rickey poetry ♪
- Can you hear me?
- [Chris] I don't hear
you. You're breaking up.
- Can you hear me now?
- [Chris] Yeah. that's a little better.
- Hey. what are you doing?
Can you come pick me up?
- [Chris] What's wrong? Are you okay?
- I'm at this party with
this guy from school.
and I don't know. he just
started acting like a asshole
all of a sudden.
- [Chris] That little
punk. I'm gon' kill him.
- Excuse me. ma.
I gotta go put it down
for the people one time.
You know what I'm saying.
- Good luck.
- All right. ladies and gentlemen.
We got something special
for you guys tonight.
Now. this guy has a new
hot underground mix tape
in the streets right now.
So you need to check him out ASAP.
Now. give it up for UAT's
very own Jay Lil' Jay Johnson.
(crowd cheering)
- Hey. give it up for my man. DJ Dragon
on the ones and twos.
(crowd cheering)
♪ Every time I talk or you get a call ♪
- I'm okay.
Just come get me.
- [Chris] All right. where are you?
♪ It's best you keep your eyes wide open ♪
♪ While you're smoking ♪
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least that's what these cowards hopin' ♪
♪ My words are souvenir so
you can take it as token ♪
♪ If you trust your tribe ♪
♪ And hold your rhyme they
get your heart broken ♪
♪ The world is full of wicked things ♪
♪ But you're way too
blind to see the devil ♪
♪ That's all in your face ♪
♪ So why you cryin' about those niggas ♪
♪ That don't respect your mind. ♪
♪ You'll fall behind ♪
♪ Because you can't be
there. you're wasting time ♪
♪ While people dying.
that's one of the reasons ♪
(ominous music)
(squealing)
♪ Nigga. I'm the realest motherfucker ♪
♪ That you ever saw ♪
♪ Creeping down your block ♪
♪ With a Glock. and it's sawed off ♪
♪ Every time I duck ♪
♪ Good everybody's gettin' hauled off ♪
♪ Ain't no way to stop this ♪
♪ So you can't even call the models ♪
♪ I'm all over ♪
♪ Winning 'cause you paid the cost ♪
♪ To beat about ♪
♪ Every time I see the playa hater ♪
♪ He gon get taught ♪
(ominous music)
- Go home. Copeland.
You need to go home and be with Karen.
I mean. you guys live right up the street
from where an apparent murder happened.
Until we get this thing solved.
we all need to be a little extra vigilant.
Do you understand?
- Yes. sir.
- Right.
Yeah. Y'all have a good night.
♪ Time to stack in ♪
- [Man] What's your name. sweetheart?
- Renee.
- Renee. where are you from. Renee?
- Shreveport.
- Well. you wanna dance.
Renee. from Shreveport?
- Okay.
♪ Highly if you're key ♪
♪ Hear my nigga moose ♪
♪ How my all story up
from slingin' rocks ♪
♪ Or shootin' hoops ♪
♪ We hoppin' out of cooks ♪
♪ 'cause you know we're country troops ♪
♪ But you raised nigga weapons ♪
♪ In the now for the boot ♪
- Wow. is that pizza still warm?
- Not really.
- Hey. we got a microwave inside.
Go heat that shit up.
- Nah. I'm good.
Where's Jennifer?
- Dude. I don't know.
She's around here somewhere.
- I saw her walk out by the
street about 10 minutes ago.
She was on the phone.
- Yeah. I think she was across
over there by that trailer.
- What the hell is she doing over there?
- She probably just couldn't hear.
You haven't went to go look for her yet?
You're an actual jerk.
- I am throwing a party.
I don't have time for her shit right now.
I mean. at school. she acts all down.
but tonight of all the nights.
she wants to act like
a little church girl.
- Hey Shelly. what's up?
You wanna dance?
- Sure.
You need to go find Jennifer.
- Hey bro. you got any more weed?
- Dude. of course I got more weed.
Party is just getting started.
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Hey. how about you give me a blunt.
I'll go look for Jennifer
'cause this music's low-key
giving me a headache right now.
- Cool with me.
- Hey. thanks.
- You coming?
- Hell yeah. I'm coming.
♪ New gear. new chain ♪
♪ Braid it up. nigga ♪
♪ Buy a brand new river ♪
♪ And a new whip too. brand new ♪
♪ The candy pain brand new ♪
♪ Interior killing too ♪
♪ 'cause everything brand new ♪
♪ New you ♪
- Cool party. huh?
♪ New gear. new chain ♪
♪ Braid it up. nigga ♪
- I'm sorry. what?
- Everything cool?
- Yeah. yeah.
I'm good.
♪ Interior killing too ♪
♪ 'cause everything brand new ♪
(ominous music)
(giggling)
(coughing)
- Look at that.
That's some good shit. huh?
- Oh fuck!
- So. thanks for the dance.
- Anytime.
Actually. I was hoping we
could hook up this summer.
Hang out. get to know each other.
- Summer school's starting
in a couple of weeks.
and I don't really wanna get involved
with anybody right now.
- All right then. shorty.
It's a shame.
- See ya.
♪ Where I can't go about
loving you with this song ♪
♪ Heaven knows I tried ♪
♪ I don't think that I've
got it all together ♪
- Shelly.
Shelly!
Hey. what's up with Shelly?
She don't look too good?
- [Cherika] What you worried about it for?
She ain't your responsibility.
- Don't even trip. That's my homegirl
I'll be right back.
Is there a problem?
- No. go ahead. but don't expect me
to be waitin' on your ass. you feel me?
- See. I knew your ass had
to be crazy or somethin'.
Trippin'.
♪ I say we belong ♪
♪ Maybe we can leave
this world for a moment ♪
- Nah. I'm good.
Where the hell did she go?
- I don't know. but she ain't over here.
- I mean like. did she hitch a ride
up outta here or something?
- I mean. she coulda
went across the street
and didn't even notice.
- I guess that's possible.
- You think?
Well. we're really wasted
and we got here pretty damn fast.
- Yeah. the party's only been going
for like an hour or something.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna go take a piss real quick.
I'll be right back.
(upbeat music)
♪ You can stay along with me baby ♪
♪ But I'm holding on to ♪
♪ Maybe that's the way
I get close to you ♪
♪ Come on. that does it to me ♪
♪ I keep my eyes open
down material things ♪
(ominous music)
- Oh. shit!
♪ And I'm a keep it wide open
till the day that I die ♪
♪ And ask the Lord to hold me ♪
♪ Tight so I can shine in rainy ♪
♪ Weather and if you even ♪
♪ Catch me slipping ♪
♪ Help me get my life together ♪
♪ Keep your eyes wide open
while you're smoking ♪
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least that's what these cowards hoping ♪
♪ My words are souvenir so
you can take that as a token ♪
♪ You can trust your tribe
and hold your rhyme ♪
- Weird. this looks like Jennifer's phone.
Hey. John.
Check this out.
♪ They wanna catch you slipping ♪
♪ Least that's what these cowards hoping ♪
- Oh my God. John.
Come on.
John!
Fuck!
Oh my God.
(screaming)
- He's so cute.
- I know.
- He was adorable.
- It was so fun.
- Yeah. Can't believe it though.
- [James] What's up. ladies?
- Hey.
Really good job tonight.
Cool songs.
- Appreciate it.
Y'all need to go download them though.
- Yeah. for sure.
- Yeah. we should.
- Yeah.
- For sure.
- Do you think maybe we
can get a picture with you?
- Oh yeah. for sure. For sure.
Shelly. will you take this picture?
- Yeah. there's nothing I love more
than snap big photos of you.
- You're so sweet.
- [Shelly] All right.
Ready?
- Thanks.
- Thanks so much. James.
- No problem.
- You have to send me that like right now.
- Oh. I totally will. Oh my gosh
- Well. look at little Jay man.
Y'all blowing up.
- I mean. we got a little
bit of momentum or whatever.
I think it was just a matter of time.
What's up with you though?
Looking all sad and whatnot?
Everything all right?
- Far from it.
I'm regretting the day I ever got involved
with Justin's crazy vibe.
- That man still calling you?
(laughing)
- It's not funny.
- Yeah. I told you that dude was crazy.
He don't know you up here. do he?
Last thing we need is his
crazy ass running around here.
- [Shelly] No. he thinks
I'm still at school.
- Thank you. Jesus.
- Thanks. James.
I feel a lot better now
♪ Still trying to go to sleep ♪
♪ Nigga. I been going hard all week ♪
♪ Still popping fen ♪
♪ Still sippin' lean ♪
♪ Got damn nigga. still rolling green ♪
♪ Stuffed. still trying to go to sleep ♪
♪ Nigga. I been going hard all week ♪
♪ They on them pills.
rollin'. rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Keep my pistol on me ♪
♪ I be holdin'. holdin' holdin' ♪
♪ If you really get money ♪
♪ You will blow it. blow it. blow it ♪
♪ And for them haters hatin' ♪
♪ Please don't make me show it. show it ♪
♪ Dumb shit ♪
♪ We the type that pick on the bully ♪
- Damn!
I didn't think this many
people would show up.
- Shit. I know. huh?
- Where Caleb crazy at?
- Somewhere being his
obnoxious self. I'm sure.
- Oh there you go.
Let me go holler at this wolf?
You good?
- Yeah. Thanks. Jay.
- So. what's this?
Y'all took your relationship
to the next level or something?
- What are you talking about?
- You know what I'm talking about. bitch.
Don't play dumb with me.
- Hey. Cherika. calm your drunk ass down.
You don't know what you're talking about.
- You know what. fuck both of y'all.
Y'all can head in some for all I care.
- Bitch. get your...
What's it got to do with no head ass...
- Don't even sweat it. okay?
You need to find Caleb and
get this party under control.
I mean. look at these people.
- It's popping up over there.
- Hell yeah!
Oh. that's what I'm talking about.
♪ Still rolling green ♪
♪ Stuffed. still trying to go to sleep ♪
♪ Nigga. I been going hard all week ♪
♪ Still popping fen ♪
♪ Still sipping lean ♪
♪ Got damn nigga. still rolling green ♪
♪ Stuffed. still trying to go to sleep ♪
♪ Nigga. I been going hard all week ♪
♪ It's Mack P in this bitch. ♪
- Hey!
You all right?
♪ Please don't fuck with me
when I'm on my fucking grind ♪
- I need to lie down.
- Down?
- I think so.
(ominous music)
- Let's get you inside.
♪ Bitch. it's money on my mind ♪
♪ What your mind on ♪
♪ Get your shine on ♪
♪ If the paper don't make noise ♪
♪ Whatcha listening to ♪
♪ Them niggas talking
about they diamonds ♪
♪ Well I'm glistening too ♪
♪ Is your shit real ♪
♪ Is you faking ♪
♪ Is them bitches standin'
still or is they shaking ♪
- Here.
Why don't you melt that with that.
(soft hip hop music)
Come on.
I found you a place to lay down.
♪ I'm a try my liquor straight ♪
♪ Them lame niggas late ♪
♪ So I gone and get it started ♪
♪ We go so fucking hard ♪
♪ We threw a party in a party ♪
♪ Them lame niggas late ♪
♪ So I gone and get it started ♪
♪ We go so fucking hard ♪
♪ We threw a party in a party ♪
♪ I don't know what's in
this cup but it got me up ♪
- Whoa!
What's up. shorty?
You okay?
- I'll be okay.
I just need to take a nap.
- Yeah.
You do that.
- Can you stay in here
with me until I wake up?
- Oh. I ain't goin' nowhere.
- So. when are y'all
wrapping this thing up?
- When all the people leave.
- Why did I even ask?
- What do you mean by that?
- I mean. I think you guys need to pay
a little bit more attention
to what's going on at your party.
- What are you so stressed for?
Loosen up. have some fun.
- Exactly.
We got this.
- Whatever you say
(upbeat music)
♪ I know that I found what's true ♪
♪ I know that I see what's right ♪
♪ I don't wanna take my chances ♪
- Girl. I am so drunk.
There's no way I'm
driving back to Texarkana.
- What are you doing?
- It's all good. baby.
I got you.
- Stop.
- Quit tripping. girl.
You know you want this.
- Stop!
Help!
- You know you want this.
- Oh my gosh.
Hey. is anyone in there?
- Stop it!
(ominous music)
Somebody help.
- Shut up!
- Please!
- [Cherika] Help!
Stop!
- Fuck!
- Help me. please.
- Hey. man.
It's not what it looks like.
She's drunk. all right?
She told me she wanted it.
- He's lying. he's trying to rape me.
- Nah. she's lying.
What are you anyway?
Who the fuck are you?
It's a little early for a
costume party. don't you think?
Shit!
No. no. no. no. no no.
- Oh my God.
Please tell me this is a nightmare.
(mellow music)
- Oh. girl sure is checking you out. Jay.
- You see that too?
I thought I was trippin'.
- [Caleb] No. player. It's all you.
- You talking to me?
- Of course she's talking
to you. stupid ass.
Go over there.
- Look. I need a wing man. dog.
Look. her friend's checking you out.
- What the hell? Let's go.
- Hungry?
- Starved.
- You know what. I got it.
You go get washed up. Go ahead.
- Thank you.
♪ 'cause when I hit 'em from the back ♪
♪ It ain't no turning back ♪
- You ladies wanna take this party inside
and have a little get together of our own?
- No. thanks. We're good.
- Oh shit!
- Thanks for the dance.
- Man. that shit was cool.
Did you see that shit?
- Hell yeah I saw it.
I'm right here.
- Got damn. these crazy bitches
get me wantin' a fucking beer.
You want one?
- Hell yeah!
After that stunt. I need a couple.
- You should've seen
the look on their faces.
I know.
(upbeat music)
I don't know about them. but
somebody better take me home.
- Hey. you know if
anyone's in the restroom?
- Hey. Sharon. let me call you back.
All right. I gotta take this call.
Okay.
(ominous music)
- [Justin] Hello.
Hello.
- I've asked you several
times to stop calling me.
Why are you calling me?
- [Justin] You sure you're in Texarkana?
- What?
- [Justin] You heard me.
You sure you're in Texarkana?
- Where I am is none of your concern.
You need to stop obsessing and move on.
- Damn!
She must have got that good juug
if that fool tripping like that.
(upbeat music)
- Dude. that car looks familiar.
- Shit.
This crazy motherfucker.
♪ I've got my red leather jacket on ♪
- Fuck. man.
- Tell him where we was at?
- Tell who where we were at?
- Look. just be nice.
After tonight. you won't ever have to see
his crazy ass again.
- Don't even talk to me.
All y'all are getting on my damn nerves.
- Why are you tripping?
I just asked if you told
the dude where we was at.
Somebody had to tell him.
- And that person had to be me?
- You women change your
mind like the weather.
- Do not compare me to the
girls that you talk to.
- Will you guys just shut up?
You're starting to sound
like a fucking couple.
All right? Jesus Christ!
- Man. y'all some cold ass niggas. man.
Oh. what?
Now y'all gonna act like you
don't know a nigga or whatever.
- We ain't acting like shit.
We don't even run with you like that.
- Lil' Jay. grew up and
got you some balls. huh?
Y'all little punks must've forgot
I used to buy y'all beer and shit.
- That was like three or
four fucking years ago.
- And you only did that
shit a couple of times.
- Y'all don't owe him an explanation.
- [James] I know.
- You know what?
I'm about tired of your fucking mouth?
- [James] Do something
about it then. nigga.
- All right. Chill out dog.
You didn't help me out here. all right?
Bro. we're trying to throw
a fucking party here. okay?
- Bro?
Man. get your little white ass
out of my motherfucking face.
- All right.
Nope. We're gonna go.
- It's cool.
Go on with you girl then. man.
- [Shelly] Shut up. Caleb.
- Keep your eyes on that motherfucker.
I don't trust him as far
as I can throw a cow.
God!
How did she get involved
with that nutty motherfucker anyway?
- Boy. y'all off the chain.
- I had no idea this many
people were gonna show up.
♪ And it's running deep ♪
- Guess Caleb and James got a
little pull down there. huh?
♪ When I see your heart ♪
- Yeah. I guess.
At least they think they do.
- You know. the only
thing that has me tripping
is why you lied to me.
Got another boyfriend here or something?
- You know. honestly. I don't
even know why I lied to you.
I mean. it's not like we're a couple.
We literally went out on like a few dates.
- Well. can you tell me what went wrong?
'cause I thought you were havin' fun.
- [Man] Somebody please help.
My friend just passed out
and I don't think he's breathing.
- Oh God!
- Hey. hold up.
- DJ. turn down the music.
Do you know what you're doing?
- Yeah. I just passed first aid with an A.
- Well. is he breathing?
- He's got an accelerated heart rate.
How much did he have to drink?
- I don't know. We kinda started early.
- Has he vomited?
- I don't know.
(ominous music)
- Okay.
He has alcohol poisoning
and we need to get him to a hospital.
- All right. alcohol poisoning.
Oh. no.
Well. no. he can sleep it off.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm way too fucked up to
do anything right now.
I keep having visions
of a small Asian lady
behind the bushes.
and I think she wants to steal my eyes.
I think I'm about to pass out too. okay?
- Okay. So find someone sober.
- Are you sober?
- [Shelly] Yes.
- Okay. then.
I have news for you. darlin'.
'cause in case you didn't realize.
we're all pretty much wasted.
So I'm just gonna have to ask you
to do it for me. okay?
- Okay. So we'll call him an ambulance.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
But you can't call 911.
What do you wanna do? Get us all arrested.
- What do you want me to
do. Caleb? Let him die?
- Look. what's your name. man?
- Doug.
- Like Doug said.
he's gonna sleep it off.
- You know what?
You morons can do whatever you want.
I'm done.
- Y'all in way over your
head and don't even know it.
- Hey. crank it back up.
- You two go get an arm. I'm
gonna get his legs. all right?
- Look dude. we're gonna
go ahead and head out.
- All right. thank you.
Thanks. man. for coming out. man.
I appreciate y'all.
- Our job here is done.
When they start passin'
out. time for us to split.
- All right.
Well. let's get him inside
before we spook everybody.
♪ Really saw you ♪
♪ I couldn't hold it in ♪
♪ I had to call you ♪
♪ All I saw was beautiful ♪
♪ Beautiful ♪
♪ Oh. you're so ♪
- You all right?
- [Shelly] No. Justin.
I'm not all right.
- You want me to take you home?
- No. I don't.
You're really starting to freak me out.
- Freak you. Shelly. what
are you talking about?
- I asked you to stop calling me.
What do you do?
You send me harassing
text messages all day
and then you just show
up uninvited like...
It's like you're stalking me.
- Look. I apologize for it. okay?
I know I overreact.
- I need to get out of here.
- Let's get him on the couch.
- Yeah.
- Boy. y'all have terrible timing.
- You know. the last time I checked.
this was our home.
- That would be correct. sir.
- You little pussies.
♪ If you 'bout that shit you talking ♪
- [Caleb] What the fuck is his problem?
- Be nice. lady.
Hello.
No. I'm a face her right up.
What's up. baby? What's your name?
- Let go of me.
Justin. no.
- I'm tired of these motherfuckers
disrespecting you like this.
- I don't...
Oh my God. no.
Oh my God.
No. wait.
Stop.
(clamoring)
- Jay. come on. man. That was wrong.
Come on. man.
- Fuck y'all.
- Get up outta here
before I could kill one of
these fucking motherfuckers.
♪ She's shaky. she bout to be in this ♪
♪ I fucked her and handled that ♪
♪ Fuck it I told ♪
- His little punk ass gon'
get his ass whooped like that?
- Jay. let's go.
♪ Show me where you goin' ♪
♪ It's okay to dance here ♪
♪ As long as he ain't hoeing ♪
♪ But we fucking if she dance on me ♪
- You got a concussion.
You need to get to a hospital.
- No. I'll be all right.
- Justin. I'm serious.
♪ Fake shit can't handle rhyme ♪
♪ Real niggas ain't with it ♪
♪ We ain't gotta put on this jive ♪
♪ We ain't gotta like this to keep this ♪
♪ Y'all wanna be loved ♪
♪ But I ain't fucking with
close with quickness ♪
♪ I get asked to my crib ♪
♪ And denied a close with the quickness ♪
♪ I work that pussy out ♪
♪ She saw a guy with the fitness ♪
(ominous music)
- Yo Jen. I'm about to pull up in a few.
So get your ass where I can see you.
Got me out in the middle of nowhere.
with the white friends.
- Dude. hopefully we make
it to the home stretch
of this party without
any more fucking drama.
- Yeah. no shit.
I don't know these assholes
are gonna get home though.
They're wasted.
- Just sleep it off in their car
and just bounce early in the morning.
- That sounds about right.
- [Chris] Got damn. it's dark out here.
Where is it?
Damn.
♪ Bet you won't get up ♪
♪ Like D Rose. no free throws ♪
♪ Three freak hoes ♪
♪ We meet hoe. here we go ♪
♪ More zeros ♪
♪ More we smoke ♪
♪ She deep throw my people ♪
- [Chris] They wildin' out here.
(upbeat music)
- So what do you think about
doing this again next year?
- I'm down. bro.
How about we charge a cover?
- Yeah. that might not be a bad idea.
♪ And make a motherfucking nigga ♪
- Man. I could push on that foot.
- Sure does look that way.
- Man. look at this guy.
Look like he's on a mission.
- Hey. ladies. Excuse me.
Do y'all know who Jennifer Simms is?
- No. sorry.
- It's like he's looking for somebody.
- I sure as hell don't wanna talk to him
because I don't know where
anybody is right now.
except me. myself and I.
- That's why I hate messin'
with her immature ass.
- Yeah. I wonder who is.
♪ Can make a nigga wanna pull ♪
- Oh shit!
So much for laying low.
- That lasted for about 10 seconds.
- Just chill out. dog.
He's on private property.
He can't do shit to us. okay.
- This you two party?
Okay. let me get straight to the point.
I'm here for Jennifer.
I'm her older brother and
she asked me to pick her up.
So where is she?
- Fuck. I almost forgot about Jennifer?
- What do you mean you
almost forgot about her?
- We got into a little argument
at the start of the party
and that's the last time I saw her.
I mean. have you seen her?
- I haven't seen her
since she stormed off?
I mean. we told some friends
to go look for her...
- Well. could you point 'em out for me
so I can get the hell out of here.
let you get back to your shindig.
- [James] Seen John anywhere?
- I ain't seen either of 'em.
I mean. I know they're
around here somewhere.
I mean. they would have said something
if they were leaving.
- Okay. I'm so done
fucking around right now.
If you do not find my sister real soon.
I'm gonna call the cops.
and I know half of y'all are up under 21.
- [Caleb] Okay. sir.
just calm down. please.
- Yeah. I thought that'd
get your attention.
- Look. I'll go inside.
see if I can find her.
- Yeah. yeah.
You check inside the house
and I'll stay out here
and I'll look for her out here.
♪ And make a motherfucking nigga what ♪
♪ Knit up got boot up or shut up ♪
- If you don't find my sister.
we're gonna have a big problem.
You feel me?
♪ And make a motherfucking nigga ♪
- Yes. sir.
- Good.
- Haven't seen Cherika in a while either.
Hell. where everybody at?
♪ Now back it up my way ♪
♪ And let me see if he gon' do ♪
♪ A jump out for a nigga some play ♪
♪ Baby. don't stop ♪
♪ Keep on popping your shit ♪
♪ Now pop it right on up ♪
♪ On a nigga dick ♪
(ominous music)
♪ I love how you dirty girls get down ♪
♪ In this dirty south ♪
♪ Like a motherfucking
nigga would nut up ♪
♪ Now put up or shut up ♪
♪ If not your thing. girl ♪
- Oh fuck. did I shit?
- Kasey!
Kasey.
Hey. man. hey.
Have you seen my sister. Kasey?
Identical twin sister.
Looks exactly like me.
Are you fucking listening to me. dude?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Hey. what the...
- [Announcer] Good early
Saturday morning to ya.
John Blevins here with
your home team five.
seven-day fast cast.
Another warm muggy night
with lows around 70 degrees
in the Shreveport-Bossier area.
Texarkana coming in...
(upbeat music)
- Hey. did you find him yet?
- [James] Hey. man.
Oh shit.
I don't know how to tell you this.
- Tell me what?
- [James] Is old dude still in your face?
- Yep.
- [James] See if you can
lose him for a second.
Come to the backyard.
- James. what are you talking about?
- [James] Just do it. Caleb.
- All right. fine.
I'll be there in just a second.
- Did your friend find anybody?
- No. but would you excuse
me for just a second?
- Look. man. I'm not trying
to wait around here too long.
Go ahead.
- I'll be right back.
(upbeat music)
(mellow music)
Hey. dog. What is going on?
What's the deal?
- Okay. look. party's over.
We gotta get these people outta here.
- Dude. what do you mean party's over?
What?
- Excuse me. bro. Can I get in there?
- Oh yeah.
Just piss outside.
All right. tell your people
get the fuck outta here.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- Caleb. shut up. Trust me.
All right. these people gotta get out.
- Yeah? What happened
to sleeping in our cars?
- No. that shit's dead. bro.
Tell your people to ski-fucking-daddle.
All right? Go.
- All right. dude. Chill.
Later. dude.
- Dude. you can stay.
He's probably just fucking wasted. okay?
- I'm not fucking wasted.
I'm kinda fucking wasted.
but we got some big fucking problems. man.
We gotta get these people outta here.
- James. you keep telling me
that but you won't tell me why.
- I'm still trying to
process this shit myself.
- Process what?
- Someone's fucking killing people.
Don't look at me like I'm fucking crazy.
If you don't believe. just go inside.
Matter of fact. he's probably out here
watching us right now.
- Okay. you're shittin' me. right?
It's the drugs. it's the
pills. it's the drink.
They got you tripping balls?
- I wish it was.
Like I said. we got fucking issues. bro.
- Okay. you know what. James?
I agree with you on one
thing. the party's over.
but I don't know about these
people driving home tonight.
- We don't have a fucking choice.
We gotta get 'em out of here
before someone else gets fucking killed.
- Okay.
Let's just keep our cool about it.
We don't wanna freak out
Jennifer's psychopath brother. all right?
- I'm staying right here. I'm not moving.
- Okay. great.
You have to deal with them now.
- You go I got it.
- Party's over. okay?
We're closed for business.
- As far as I'm concerned.
this party's been over.
We just need to go inside.
- I'm sorry. I can't let y'all in.
- What do you mean you can't let us in?
Look. it's been a long night. I'm tired.
I really don't feel like
dealing with your shit.
Justin just needs to go lay down.
- Hey. where's your little friend?
- He just walked off.
Hey. chill out.
I can't let nobody in.
- You are out of your freaking mind.
You and Caleb need fucking help.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I can't deal with this.
I'll drive.
- Be safe.
- [Shelly] Don't talk to me.
- [Justin] Told you they
were some little punks.
- Hey. what's going on here?
Hey.
Hey. I asked you a question.
What the hell going on in there?
What you hidin'?
(ominous music)
That's it. I'm done playin' around. man.
I'm calling the cops.
- Look. you don't wanna go in.
It's a mess. all right?
Somebody got sick and
they threw up everywhere.
- I don't believe a word coming
out of your fucking mouth.
You got that?
- Look. you sister's not in here.
It's all you care about. right?
- Is that right?
If Jennifer is not here in five minutes.
there's nothing. I repeat. nothing.
that's gonna stop me
from getting in there.
I'm a be all up in your ass. boy.
♪ I've been just wanting
to see your shit ♪
- Hey. cut it. Cut it. dude.
Guys. look. we appreciate
you guys coming out tonight
to party with us and we hope
you had fun. but party's over.
You guys gotta go home.
Drive safe.
Just drive safely and go home. Go home.
- What's going on?
- Just go home.
(ominous music)
It's over. okay?
I'm sorry.
Nice. Just nice.
Fuck. man!
(crickets chirping)
- I'm certain we need to
get the hell outta here.
Let me get your keys.
Just be still. I'll grab 'em.
Probably. you got like some broken ribs.
Just take you to a hospital. okay?
- Jen. I'm really not in
the mood for this tonight.
I'm about to leave your ass.
Time's up. kid.
- Look. man. You can't go in there.
- And who's gonna stop me?
You. nigga?
- You're trespassin'.
- Don't ever put your hands on me again.
- Dude. what the fuck. dude?
You can't go-
- Jen.
- Hey.
- Jennifer.
Jen. you in here?
- Hey. I told you she
ain't in here. nigga.
- Back off me.
- We told you. you
can't come in here. sir.
Dude. you gotta get out of here.
- Get your fucking hands off me.
- Dude. this is my fucking property.
- I don't give a fuck.
Jen!
Jen. What the...
What the fuck?
- What the fuck?
- Jen.
Jen!
- Dude. what the fuck is that?
What the fuck is that?
- Jen!
- Fucking dead body.
- Shit!
- Okay. some party. huh?
- Yeah. I guess.
It ended kind of abruptly though.
However. it all doesn't have to end here.
- Such a gentleman.
- As always. sweetheart.
- Three more fucking dead bodies?
Are you fucking...
(ominous music)
(screaming)
- What the fuck was that?
- Our imaginary killer
killing somebody else.
- What are you talking about?
- Jason.
Hey.
It's okay. it's okay.
Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh my god.
- It's gonna be okay. I'm gonna...
- Son of a bitch.
- We gotta go.
- We need some weapons.
Y'all ain't got no straps in here?
- What the fuck is that?
What the fuck!
- I need something
different than this knife.
We gotta get you close to him.
- Dude. I don't fucking know.
Fuck!
- Look. I need you to
snap the fuck out of it.
All right. we gotta get out
there and show some bottle.
Look at me.
Get your shit together.
I need you. bro.
- Fine. Fine.
- Come on.
- Fine.
- We're gonna have to either
go to the police station
or call from the highway.
- I'm not leaving him.
- Sweetheart. he's dead.
He's gone.
(grunting)
(ominous music)
- Where he at?
- There. there.
- Where have you guys been?
We could have used your help.
- Fuck that.
It's every man for himself.
I'm about to bounce.
- Caleb. do something.
- No. no. no. I suggest you
guys get the hell out of here.
I'm getting the fuck out of here. man.
(screaming)
(gunshot blaring)
- Is he dead?
- I guess his crazy ass was
good for something after all.
- Oh yeah.
That shit came in the nick of time.
- Are the cops on the way?
- I'm gonna go to the police station.
I can't get any service
out here for some reason.
- That son of a bitch
probably killed my sister.
- What you doing. man?
Still bouncing?
- No. that cocksucker's dead.
I got a lot of explaining
to the cops. man.
Shit. dude. You can go
ahead and bounce. man.
You don't have to hang
around for that headache.
- Walk around these words by myself?
Fuck that.
- All right. Thanks.
- Hey. Chris.
You wanna follow us up?
It's about 20 minutes out?
(ominous music)
- [Chris] No. I think
I'm just gonna stay here.
- Hey. you wanna go for a ride?
- I'm not leaving him.
Can you guys just go and leave us alone?
- I'll be right back.
- Hey. I'm a go holler at Jen's brother.
- I'm with you. bro.
- I'm gonna head to the police station.
- All right. Be safe.
- All right.
- Some party you threw here.
- Look. man. I'm sorry.
- Look. just save it.
Because wherever my sister is.
your weak ass apology ain't gon' help.
You got that?
(coughing)
- Help!
(panting)
Help!
(sobbing)
- [James] Hey. I think I
see somebody over there.
- Help!
(sobbing)
- Oh my God. Jennifer?
It's Shelly.
Oh my God. are you okay?
It's okay. I'm gonna help you.
- John and Trisha are dead?
I don't even remember what happened.
(sobbing)
- It's okay.
It's okay.
Jennifer. Chris is here.
- Chris. where is he?
- Chris.
- Jen. oh my God.
Oh my God. you're okay.
- My neck.
- Oh. sorry. sorry.
I just thought you were gone.
I'm just glad you're all right.
It's all right.
We're gonna get you
somewhere safe. all right?
All right.
Hey. we're gonna just
head to the hospital.
Tell the cops to meet us there.
It's gonna be in Shreveport downtown.
- Take care. guys.
- Anyone seen John and Trisha?
- Jennifer said John and Trisha's bodies
are back there.
- Fuck!
- I'm sorry. Caleb.
I'm gonna go ahead and
head to the police station.
Then I gotta go to the hospital.
Justin's in pretty bad shape.
- Yeah. just be safe.
- Always.
- Let's go take his mask off.
I wanna see that psycho
motherfucker's face.
(ominous music)
- What the...
- What's wrong?
- Let's go. Let's go.
- What?
- Dude.
What the fuck!
Let's get the hell out of here.
(phone ringing)
- [Karen] What in the world?
- Detective Copeland.
- [Cpt. Adcock] Hey. you
better get down to Mira.
Looks like we got a real
mess on our hands over there.
- Baby. what's wrong?
Keith. what's wrong?
Keith.
(screaming)
(upbeat music)
- Honestly. I don't even
know why I lied to you.
I mean. it's not like we're a couple.
We literally went out on like a few dates.
- You gonna come out with us
or you're gonna go with them?
- What's up with you though?
Looking all sad and whatnot?
Everything all right?
♪ But you don't wanna mess
with how I'm gonna dress ♪
- How do you know he was a slave owner?
♪ I've got my red ♪
- I think your girl is a
little cuckoo for cocoa puffs.
♪ I've got my red ♪
- Don't use the Lord's name in vain.
- So what's this?
Y'all took your relationship
to the next level or something?
- Could you point 'em out to me
so I can get the hell out of here
and let you get back to your shindig.
- Can you tell me what went wrong?
'cause I thought you were having fun.
♪ What I'm gonna get ♪
- Listen. think I can
get your phone number?
We could hook up later.
I'm Ray.
♪ Or a protest. I'm in all red ♪
- My boss has already told me to do it.
So I'm headed up there as
soon as I'm finished here.
- Did you find out anything about our man
when you went there this morning?
♪ Leather jacket on ♪
- Are you eavesdropping?
♪ I got my red leather jacket on ♪
- Hey. man.
This ain't what it looks like.
She's drunk. all right?
♪ My red leather jacket on ♪
- Hey. man. hey.
Have you seen my sister. Kasey?
♪ My red leather jacket on ♪
- Oh my God. you're
getting your hair done?
♪ I got a second red in my mouth ♪
- You guys just go. leave us alone.
♪ Go on and put it on ♪
- Look it there.
Real life interracial couple.
Can't we all just get along?
♪ Don't wanna put it out ♪
♪ Talk to a nigga ♪
♪ Let me talk to my nigga ♪
♪ Let me talk to him ♪
♪ Man. let me talk to him ♪
♪ Let me talk to him. nigga ♪
♪ I'm a friend with your wallets ♪
♪ On my motherfucking mind ♪
♪ 'cause I don't like
to say the same thing ♪
♪ Four or five times ♪
♪ If I gotta give game
every time I took down ♪
♪ A nigga brother never blind ♪
♪ Leave 'em motherfucking blind ♪
♪ Though I ain't trying to chill ♪
♪ I'm trying to score ♪
♪ Y'all have my issue
at the door gotta go ♪
♪ And I'm trying to
turn a one into a four ♪
♪ In this store of a nigga selling dope ♪
♪ I'm a real nigga ♪
♪ We are not the same ♪
♪ I even popped out those ♪
♪ You bet I'm raising cane ♪
♪ My momma told me she ain't raised me ♪
♪ Like no fucking lame ♪
♪ Well. momma I'm a do
my motherfucking thing ♪
♪ Whipping brains with your lane ♪
♪ Getting brain in the brains ♪
♪ 12 beating out the frame ♪
♪ Fucking up my whole frame ♪
♪ If I could do it out again ♪
♪ I won't change a fucking thing ♪
♪ I swear 'fore a nigga die ♪
♪ The whole world gonna know my name ♪
♪ Let me talk to him ♪
♪ Let me talk to him. nigga ♪
♪ Lock. nigga ♪
♪ I'm trying to talk with you nigga ♪
♪ These streets ain't look nice ♪
♪ Blowin' that sweet lace ♪
♪ With honeys sipping my drink of Sprite ♪
♪ Used to sell white with
my nigga yellow Cory ♪
♪ He got caught up and
now another's sad story ♪
♪ No guts. no glory was
how at a early age ♪
♪ I done beat that level. bitch ♪
♪ For me on another stage ♪
♪ I rip through the rage ♪
♪ Waitin' on life to turn the page ♪
♪ And if I don't make it ♪
♪ My and one continue to phase ♪
♪ And thought of many ways ♪
♪ That I was trying to prove my worth ♪
♪ Strapped in my left
disk under my T-shirt ♪
♪ Digging up dirt. it
might be my own rage ♪
♪ But I wear the dies ♪
♪ They call the system slaves ♪
♪ Niggas act funny 'cause I'm country ♪
♪ But fuck 'em though ♪
♪ I'm trill to the end ♪
♪ Powered up like hydro ♪
♪ Candy I'm a show it
if I floss in Idaho ♪
♪ How the pound will you let
the bitch come and let me know ♪
♪ Pound for pound. getting shwifty ♪
♪ 'cause I'm from a country town ♪
♪ If you blow my shit up ♪
♪ I'm gon' blow your shit down for pound ♪
♪ Don't get it twisted 'cause
I'm from a country town ♪
♪ If you blow my shit up. ♪
♪ I'm gon' blow your shit down ♪
♪ Pound for pound ♪
♪ Don't get it twisted 'cause
I'm from a country town ♪
♪ If you blow my shit up ♪
♪ I'm gon' blow your shit down for pound ♪
♪ Don't get it twisted 'cause
I'm from a country town ♪
♪ If you blow my shit up ♪
♪ I'm gon' blow your shit down ♪